Previously
on "Sons of Anarchy"...
When Clay is back
at the table,
we can discuss the deal.
The only way
this deal happens
is if he's runnin' it.
What's going on?
Your little tantrum
got us all locked up.
Someone reported prostitution.
NERO: Eviction notice.
You really want to help?
Save the chick
your mom almost killed
before my guys
finish the job.
I want a thumb and a tit.
Okay.
Call Skeeter.
See who he's burning.
Caracara?
There's an old Elks lodge.
It's the perfect location.
I'll cover all
the new start-up costs.
Then we split everything
50/50.
My mom-- I can't mix
business and family.
You gotta stay clear
of Gemma.
Okay.
Wondering if you found
any pattern
to these break-ins.
The beat-down was
obligatory, not angry.
I think Opie's been
looking for a way out
since Donna died.
He went out a warrior.
JAX, thinking:
It's hard not to hate.
People, things, institutions.
When they break your spirit
and take pleasure
in watching you bleed,
hate is the only feeling
that makes sense.
But I know what hate
does to a man.
It tears him apart,
turns him
into something he's not,
something he promised himself
he'd never become.
That's what I need
to tell you.
To let you know
how hard I'm trying
not to cave under the weight
of all the awful things
I feel in my heart.
Sometimes my life feels
like a deadly balancing act.
What I feel slamming up
against what I should do.
Impulsive reactions
racing to solutions,
miles ahead of my brain.
When I look at my day,
I realize that most
of it was spent
cleaning up the damage
of the day before.
In that life,
I have no future.
All I have is distraction
and remorse.
I buried my best friend
three days ago,
and as cliché as this sounds,
I left a part of me
in that box.
A part I barely knew.
A part I'll never see again.
Every day is a new box, boys.
You open it, you take
a look at what's inside.
You're the one who determines
if it's a gift or a coffin.
[knock on door]
Ready to do this?
Yeah.
Ah, yeah.
Mr. Mayor.
Do you mind
if we join you?
I was just
reading an article
on these, uh,
home invasion attacks.
People are very scared.
Mm.
I don't blame them.
Most think
it's tied to the, uh,
criminal element
here in Charming.
The city council?
What do you want from me?
There is a commercial
building you own,
out on Castle Road,
Morada border.
Old Elks Lodge.
That's right.
We know it's been vacant
for over a year.
We'd like to lease it.
Automotive?
Not exactly.
Escort service.
[laughs]
You're kidding me?
You-you-you think
I'm going to let you
set up a prostitution ring
in one of my properties?
Very legit.
Mm.
Our partner has all
the permits and licenses.
Good for him.
And there are lots of other
very legit properties
to rent.
We like being in business
with people we know.
Forget it.
Never gonna happen.
It's unfortunate
about Charming Heights.
Minutes from the last six
city council meetings.
It's not looking good
for your dream project.
First you lost
your investors.
Now there's a motion
before council
to revert the land
back to agriculture.
It's all gonna go away.
That vote happens soon,
right?
Next week.
Well, according
to the preliminaries,
you're gonna be one vote shy
of holding onto that land.
I have poured my life's blood
into this project,
and I'm not gonna
let you sabotage it.
You're missing the point
here, Mayor.
I know how important
Charming Heights is to you,
to this town.
We're gonna make
your dream come true.
I'll be in touch.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
All right.
Meeting's all set
with Gaalan and the cartel.
Finally get this big
gun deal locked down.
Make green and brown happy.
It's currently black
that concerns me.
Everyone else, too.
People putting this home
invasion shit on the club.
Yeah, locals
are very skittish, man.
We can't control
what people think.
Charming's love and hate
swings back and forth on us.
It always has.
Be aware, son.
As long as these attacks
keep happening,
that hate swings
that far out...
may never get
the love back.
You guys are all
full of shit.
Town knows these attacks
are not on us.
- That's right.
- True
You calling us
liars, Tiggy?
No, no, what he's
saying is
you, you, and you
don't know shit
about our town.
Knows Roosevelt's
gonna be up our ass.
I'm sitting down with Pope
as soon as he's back in town.
If it's black, it'll stop.
End of discussion.
It ain't the attacks
that we should be
worried about, boys.
It's the coke mule.
We gotta figure out
that endgame.
He's right.
So you want out?
I want to stay alive.
We're down three brothers
since this started.
Maybe you forgot about that
little truck-burning incident
happened out on 108?
Look, business with the cartel
does bring in a lot of cash.
But it also brings in
a lot of heat, man.
We voted this in knowing
it would be short-term.
I'm also looking
for other ways to earn.
Steady cash
without the risk.
It's pink, wet,
tastes like sunshine.
Pussy.
Or Italian ice.
I'm okay with both.
[laughing]
Nero Padilla.
Guy that gave us safe haven
before we went to County.
He's been running
a legit escort service
for five years.
Recently got pushed
out of Stockton
due to our complication.
He's looking for a new
place to set up shop.
I've made a deal with him.
I'm gonna be his partner.
I'm gonna
tap into Caracara,
add some star power
to our stable.
What's that look like
for the table?
Right now
I'm fronting the merger,
but I want this
to be a club business.
You trust this guy?
I do.
He's straight up
about profit.
What kind of money is it?
It ain't as lucrative
as hauling coke.
But it'll keep us
comfortable.
And out of Fed crosshairs.
When it's up and running,
take a look.
You guys want in,
we'll vote it.
Why wait?
Let's vote it now.
All right.
Everyone in favor of moving
into the companion
business, yea.
- Yea.
Yea.
Good.
We'll figure out percentages
when I nail shit down
with Nero.
Chucky, what are you
cooking there?
Smells good.
Thought I'd get
resistance about Diosa.
Why?
'Cause your new partner's
bedding my wife?
That stops.
That's wrong.
Yeah, it is.
Problem?
Not really. Uh...
Just been trying
to contact Nero.
He's not picking up
or returning.
Don't get attached
to that.
He's business,
not pleasure.
This is good.
Inflammation
on the median nerve
is down considerably.
Much burning or numbness?
Uh...
not so much anymore.
What happened there?
Oh, I, uh...banged it up
carrying the stroller.
So where am I?
I'm not an optimist, Tara,
but this is much better
than I expected.
Much better as in I'll be
able to continue surgery?
We can't make
that call yet,
but... I wouldn't
rule it out.
Okay.
We'll put a soft cast on,
and we'll take another
look in six weeks.
Thank you.
Gonna be okay without it?
Long as I don't
have to dance.
I'll be fine, Mom.
CLAY: Gaalan.
Good to see you up
and about, brother.
You, too, brother.
How's your lung
holding up?
I gotta cut back
a little bit on the cigars,
but, uh...I'm still
fit for combat.
Aye.
Wasn't aware there
was an election.
Well,
I figured with me down,
it'd be a good time
to move Jax up.
Nothing changes with us,
though.
I hope that's true.
Our seniority's earned,
not sewn on
with cheap thread.
Hey.
We got some kind of beef,
let's throw it on the table.
Don't be so sensitive,
laddie.
Grow some balls,
you Irish prick.
You got a problem with me,
you tell me to my face.
All right.
I think you're arrogant,
selfish, and explosive.
Wreckage
you caused in Belfast
got a man of God and one of
my dearest friends killed.
You talking
about the priest?
Aye.
Kellan Ashby took me out
of the streets of Armagh.
Saved my life.
Right.
Gave you the Catholic
blessing of the blood?
Made you a gangster
of Christ?
Hey, hey, hey!
That's it!
Now we're making progress.
Take him out, Jax.
Okay, boy.
Hey, Jackie boy.
Come on. Come on.
Come on,
put him in the dark.
Come on, Jax, come on.
Come on, Jax.
Maybe you do have some Irish
blood left in you, boy.
Yeah?
By the time I'm done,
yours is gonna be
a puddle at your feet.
Ohh!
Put him down.
Put him down, Jax.
Don't want to embarrass you
in front of your
little brown friends.
They ain't my friends.
But you want to stop,
all you gotta do
is lay down, old man.
I didn't know you were
gonna have entertainment.
Just a little Irish
discussion.
Should I be worried?
Nah.
It'll all end in Guinness
and man-hugs.
Nice!
Nice one, boy.
[clears throat]
Can I help you?
No, sir, but I could
help you...
to Uncle Fudgie's
crazy delicious fudge.
Iraq.
VA Bill got me money
to open up my own shop.
I'm dropping off free
samples to my neighbors.
I appreciate it,
but I'm a diabetic.
I can't eat that.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah. Hey.
Hey, chief.
Why don't you leave it
for my clients?
Absolutely!
Mm.
I trust you gentlemen
worked things out.
Right as rain.
Let's get to it.
Whole payment
for this shipment,
half down on the next.
We'll haul
these back today,
but we're gonna need
a drop every two weeks.
Yeah. We can make that work.
Us, too.
Good.
[speaking Spanish]
Uncle Chucky
made the delivery.
GAALAN:
Don't you want to check
your hardware first?
I trust you.
I insist.
Open the door.
All right, let's go.
[Chibs yells]
You filthy Irish pummil!
[Chibs yelling]
That does it. It's gone!
Chibs... Chibs.
Well, now you know
what they can do.
Way to close the deal,
brother.
We'll send you the bill
for the bikes.
How much did he eat?
How much?
All of it.
And I think he actually
licked the box.
How long do we have?
He's a big boy.
Maybe like four hours?
BOBBY: You sure
we want to do this?
It's a risky bet
on a horse we hate.
Come on, man. This is for
the long game, brother.
First bite of the apple's
gotta be tasty.
I hope you're right.
Okay, boys.
Come on.
You lost?
Is it that obvious?
What are you doing
here, Gemma?
Making sure
you're still alive.
Four days you don't
pick up your phone.
Been a little busy here.
Where's Carla?
Hopefully healing
someplace.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Carla's got her demons.
She's a complicated girl.
Yeah, I get that.
She almost got Jax killed.
Tara went a little
medieval on her.
Oh, that was all
Tara's fault, huh?
No.
No, it was my doing.
Is that why you're
shutting me out?
Carla shouldn't have
gone behind my back.
Okay?
There's no trust
there anymore.
Where you gonna go?
Talk to your kid, Gemma.
I'm moving Diosa north.
You getting in bed
with the club?
Yeah, looks that way.
I guess you'll be
around a lot more.
Yeah, I guess.
What the hell is this?
If you're pissed,
just tell me.
Hey, I ain't got time
for this shit, okay?
It's been a while
since I've been dumped,
but from what I remember,
there is usually
a goddamn reason.
Just go, Gemma.
Talk to me, asshole.
Hey, you need to get
out of here.
Don't you blow me off!
Hey!
Don't you blow me...
What?
Don't...
Don't.
I can't do this.
Why?
I made a promise.
Jax.
And you signed off
on that shit?
I need to get this
up and running.
My kid's future
depends on that.
Sorry.
[camera shutting clicking]
Over here, Juice.
Get the face
and the nip ring.
We got something coming.
[masculine voice]
Uh, Nero sent me?
Salutations, gentlemen.
Venus Van Dam,
at your pleasure.
Venus.
Thanks for coming.
Not yet, baby.
You gotta eat dinner
before you get dessert.
Is he dead?
'Cause I don't do dead.
No, he's just fat.
Nero explain
the situation?
I need to know
what happens here stays here.
All my dates have
that need, baby.
But discretion
ain't cheap.
I was, uh, told 2 grand.
You were told right.
That will do.
My lips are sealed.
Although I might open them up
a little bit for you.
[laughter]
Mm.
He has been spending
a little too much time
at the pie-eatin' table.
What am I supposed
to do with Shamu?
Um... just ride him
a little bit.
A few other things.
He won't remember any...
Yes, but unfortunately,
I will.
Powder room?
Yeah. It's-it's back here,
beautiful.
I can give you a hand.
It's not gonna happen,
tiger.
Really?
Sounds like a solid lead.
The, uh, sheriffs busted
a bunch of black guys
in a van full
of stolen shit.
Think it might have something
to do with the home invasions.
They want to know
if we're willing
to come down,
identify any of it.
Now?
Yes, ma'am.
If we can't prove
the goods are stolen,
we got to cut 'em loose.
All right.
I'll drive myself.
Gem, someone dropped
this off for Jax.
Said it was real important.
You know where he is?
Just put it in the back.
I'll take it to his house.
[Venus moans]
That's great, more of that.
Ride on his face.
Ziggy, come on.
Reach around
and tickle his balls.
Oh, that's fantastic.
I don't know if that's
the right word.
You got the face?
I got it, I got it.
Get all the Christian
shit on the wall, too.
How about like an air traffic
control man?
Are you sure you can
get rid of that tape?
That's Photoshop 101.
Whoo!
The software I got,
I can make this guy
shit unicorns.
There will be no
shitting anything
while I'm this close
to that giant ass crack.
Hey. You expecting
somebody else?
All right. We got enough.
Let's wrap this up.
Oh, shit! Hey, whoa!
[nervous laugh]
Oh, my God.
What are you doing to Allen?
Charming Community
Theater, baby.
Yeah, right.
I know who you guys are.
You're Sons.
Yeah, what, you guys
drug him or something?
Huh? Allen.
Damn.
You dudes are totally
blackmailing him.
What do we do
with this, Jackie?
Who are you?
Devin Price, his stepson.
Oh, Christ.
It's cool. We can
work something out.
Work something out how?
Shit, man, ow!
What, dude?
I just want to use this shit
against him, too.
I'm guessing you two
aren't very close.
Nah, he's a total
dick, man.
How...
how old are you, sugar?
Twenty-one.
Mm. I do like 'em
young and sweet.
Shit.
Dude,
you're, like, a dude.
Why, didn't your daddy
ever tell you
never judge a book
by its penis?
Now have you... ah.
Have you ever had
your dick sucked
by a Southern girl
with a huge cock?
Oh, baby, you are
in for a treat.
I will make you come so hard,
it'll make
your grandmamma wet.
[kissing sounds]
My grandmother's dead.
Well, now you're
catching on, young gun.
Doesn't mean
you're gay, man.
We all been there.
What? Really?
Lot of cock.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
- All you guys?
- Two dicks.
- Yeah?
- Slamming cock.
All right. [laughs]
Cool, let's do this.
Pants off.
Wrap this...ha...
around your eyes.
I like the element
of surprise.
Back there.
Hell, yeah.
This is awesome!
You in for a treat, my boy.
Yeah!
Now I suggest
you clean up Tubby
while I get some photos
of this disenchanted
little boy.
That would be very helpful.
Oh, I'm not about
helping you, blondie.
It's about my bottom line.
I'll give you
another grand.
Two. Okey-dokey?
You jealous, tiger?
Kind of.
I know you are.
[laughs]
All right, let's get Orca
back into insurance mode.
Real estate, huh?
[groaning]
[knock at door]
Yeah.
Got 'em looking
at Polaroids, LT.
All right.
Thanks, man.
[door closes]
Mm. I hear he moved out.
It's sad.
Yeah. I don't see
how a marriage
can survive
that type of life.
You mean one where
the man carries a gun
and is hardly ever home?
Ouch.
Kidding.
Sort of.
Hey, come here.
Hmm.
I love you.
I love you, too, babe.
[knocking]
Hey!
Didn't you hear what I said?
I gotta take a piss, man!
Hey.
Will you take him
to the head, please?
Yes, sir.
So, any of this
belong to you?
I don't see no safe.
It's about time, man.
Gemma?
Nope.
But I, um, I'd like
this silver teapot here,
if no one claims it.
That was Oakland PD.
Two of them are East Dub
Crew with priors.
DA's trying to get
warrants for their homes.
East Dub.
That's Damon Pope's
jurisdiction.
[grunting]
[shouting]
Knock it off!
Hey, you should take off.
I'll get a bite to eat
and come by later,
see what else
these guys turn up
on, uh, all this stuff.
Yeah, good.
Now that's a good one.
- Hey.
- Ha ha.
- You good?
- Yeah, man.
It was...intense.
So let me tell you
what happens now.
You go home.
You tell no one
about any of this.
Of course, man.
'Cause if you do,
your stepdaddy
ain't gonna be
the only one
with a new photo album.
Check it out.
Ooh.
How'd you like
these bad boys
blowing up
your Facebook page?
Dude. Really?
Love is a fickle beast.
You understand?
Yeah, yeah, no, man.
I would never
rat on you guys, man.
I think the MC's awesome.
Yeah, we are.
All right.
Yeah, no, I mean seriously.
I'd like to, like, hang out
with you guys sometime.
Sure. Why not?
Aye, absolutely.
Come by the clubhouse
Saturday morning.
You can clean the cum
and the puke
off the bathroom floor.
[laughing]
That's so cool, man.
- Yeah.
- Thanks.
All right,
get out of here.
Bobby: Jesus.
Thank you, darlin'.
Whenever y'all need a little
Venus love, give me a call.
I'm the belle
who does not tell.
Good-bye, tiger.
Ha ha ha.
Juice: Come on,
let's get him to the desk.
[groaning]
[yells]
Aah! Aah!
Aw, shit!
Shit! Aah!
Why does this
always happen to me?
Jesus Christ.
What do you think?
I-- I think whoever bit him
should be wearing
a collar and a muzzle.
Check.
You, uh...you gonna be able
to stitch me up here, doc?
Yeah.
Oh, shit. It was your
appointment today.
Yeah.
This is good news,
right?
Mm. Just a new cast.
More mobility.
Will you give him a local?
I'll go get ready.
Sure.
Oh, boy. Aw, man.
We can help her do this.
Yeah?
Yeah.
All right, thanks.
Hey. Feel better.
Yeah, all right.
- On three.
- Come on.
One... ready.
Ohh!
Check this out.
I printed out ten
of my best shots.
Oh, my God.
[chuckling]
All right, thanks, Juicy.
That's great.
I gotta talk to you.
Not now.
- Hey.
- I gotta go.
Me and Nero.
That's got nothing
to do with SAMCRO.
You got no right
to shit on that.
We barely know this guy.
Oh, bullshit.
Don't pretend
you're protecting me.
This is about Clay
and JT.
You and Tara have been
shutting me out since--
You've been shutting
yourself out.
You're getting wasted
every night.
Oh, pimp daddy's gonna
give me some moral lecture?
You blame me for what
happened to your father,
whether you know it
or not.
I can feel it.
You're connected
to that history...
to Clay.
And yeah, maybe I am
having a little trouble
separating my hate.
You can't hate me,
Jackson.
You're the only thing
I still love.
I'm sorry.
But getting involved
with Nero
is not a good idea.
Not now.
Tig had an accident.
Tara's patching him up.
She could use some help.
I got to go.
Tig: Ai yi yi.
Hey.
Hey, doc.
Uhh.
Why don't we
double-team him?
You can walk me
through it.
Yeah. Okay.
Tig: Mmm.
Oh, sorry.
Hold on for a second,
would you please?
Thanks.
All right, so--
No, no, the stitches
need to be further apart.
Further apart. Got it.
How you holding up,
Tiggy?
I don't know
if it's good or bad,
but I'm totally
hard right now.
[Gemma chuckles]
Just saying.
I'll call you back.
I thought I was very
clear this morning.
You were.
Jesus Christ.
[sighs]
Is that Allen Biancone?
Mm-hmm.
Did you do this?
No, he did.
We just happened to be
there with a camera.
Okay.
What the hell is this?
Biancone is your obstacle
to Charming Heights.
His vote gets you your dream.
I'm not in the business
of blackmail.
No, but I am.
You say the word, and I
send him copies of these
with a polite request
to back Charming Heights.
The dirt never touches you.
You're unbelievable.
Oh, I'm just getting
started, Jake.
I can also get you
a new investor:
one of the biggest
developers in Oakland.
And this is all about
getting that property
on Castle Road?
It's all about
being in business
with the right people.
Whether you like it or not,
there is no one in this town
that can help you
more than me.
I ain't Clay.
I ain't Oswald's boy.
You let me know what you
want me to do with these.
You okay?
Fine.
You did good.
I did shit.
I can't even sew up
someone's ass.
Well...
we all got a lot
of healing to do.
The thing that happened
with Carla in the garage...
I didn't tell Jax.
I didn't think you would.
It scares me sometimes,
the extremes.
Not a lot of gray
in this life, sweetheart.
Extremes become average.
I'm not sure
I find that comforting.
You're not supposed to.
One of their apartments
was packed with stolen goods.
Got the pics in an e-mail.
So you release them?
The beat-down was
enough to charge them.
They're all going
to County.
Good. Further away
from Charming the better.
Yeah. That's right.
[distant thump]
Babe?
Eli, is that you?
[phone ringing]
I've got a gun,
and I'm calling 911!
911. What's your emergency?
Yes, I'm alone, and there
are, I don't know...
[screaming]
No! Don't touch me!
[man grunts]
Aah!
Damn it.
Shit.
What'd you guys do?
Let's get the hell
out of here.
You're just gonna
leave her?
Let's go.
[knocking]
- Hey.
Sorry. I, um, I meant
to drop this off earlier.
It's for Jax.
What is it?
I'm not sure.
Parts, maybe.
Boys asleep?
Yeah.
Okay.
Good night.
It's almost time
to feed Thomas.
I'm kind of tired.
Yeah.
Sure.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Victim's name's
Rita Roosevelt.
Gunshot wound
to the lower abdomen.
Sorry, Sheriff,
you'll need to wait here.
I need the skin
underneath her fingernails.
Got it.
[vehicle approaching]
[sigh]
Lease agreement
on Castle Road.
We'll need
three months down.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'm assuming
I should move forward
on securing
Charming Heights.
Yeah.
[engine starts]
♪ Oh, they tell me
of a home ♪
♪ Far beyond the sky ♪
♪ Oh, they tell me
of a home ♪
♪ Far away ♪
♪ Oh, they tell me
of a home ♪
♪ Where no storm clouds ride ♪
♪ Oh, they tell me ♪
♪ Of an unclouded day ♪
♪ Oh, the land
of cloudless days ♪
of an unclouded sky ♪
♪ Oh, they tell me
of a home ♪
♪ Where no storm clouds ride ♪
♪ Oh, they tell me
of an unclouded day ♪
Good night, baby boy.
♪ Oh, the land
of cloudless days ♪
of an unclouded sky ♪
♪ Oh, they tell me
of my friends ♪
♪ By the Tree of Life ♪
♪ In the land
of an unclouded day ♪
♪ Oh, they tell me
that he smiled ♪
♪ On his children there ♪
♪ And his smile would drive
their sorrows all away ♪
♪ And they tell me
that no tears ♪
♪ Ever come again ♪
♪ In that lovely land
of unclouded day ♪